yes, that's nice on my channel
have landed
I just wanted a new one for everything
subscribers I really now in 34
days are really 40 over 50
I just wanted to come
welcome means I would have had
always the need in the last
So many have become so hello
andi landed as a new main channel
are subscribed to me and thank you
In any case , I have you today
a new video for you and that one
food all this is my first right
Great because I like to eat a bit
bought and already at one
have seen some bigger you tube
I thought maybe that's it
very interesting
i would definitely be over yours
I am happy if I could do something
should do more often if I eat
bought and yes I do not talk then
a lot around it should just start
and I have two nurturing first
products or three which I also have in the
supermarket bought it was us
himself from florina the hand cream with bio
chamomile
I still have a child like that
I do not like them that much and they do not like them
very pleasant smell I have
now already tried once
This is very very fast in the
skin and has ge costs 79 cents
which I find totally cool because there are
plus 25 percent more content in it
and the really nice and the should
Hands fly here should be straight language
in there from florina
and I only in general such
I find that definitely full
cool then also from florina I have
me my daily can bought the
further reduced to 199 and there we
otherwise a little over two euros
I thought costs
Are you doing a bargain? I thought so
totally cool and I love you very much
like to use and for me the
best facial cream Steve has used so far
I took it with me for 190
my manager and can bargain
Of course he does that too and that
Third care product is in two
rinses are different from the Fröschl
tab preview times first than me
this camp was or before bought
I'm not that excited because we too
his beautiful girlfriend so the girlfriend
from my brother holding the mini
That said, that's not supposed to be that good
but I have currently tried again
I've got it three times now
used and I am actually now
satisfied
I have the same
I have to play the two in
her total of 149 both tasted and
I got my bargain and I wanted
anyway in the game and me again
now had the whole of the whole of
fortis somehow is not me anymore
so good and the formalia I think so too
not so nice because that leaves mine
hair quickly fat that I have
thought namely the right time
my shampoo I actually very
I often do that and that's why I got it
taken along and yes now we start
but with the actual photo of me
with the unhealthiest stuff and
though the complex ones are in the top blogs
quiet cereal food with
chocolate flavor I 'm after
bought because I basically love as
always a 14-year-old
unhealthy but I do partly too
sometimes workout and fitness and so on
currently not live so totally
I'm on very unhealthy foot but that
may I believe once a week solo
or so spencer change of thinking find
I am quite funny and yes there are 750
km in it for the cool I love this one
cool cornflakes and vinegar as I said
always evening what actually quite
bad to eat anything
after eight o'clock but after me with the same
unhealthy things on and I
bought with a step with vitamin c
after all, there are vitamins in it what I am
but not really
can understand and even six
stripes in it and church I love
cherry taste i love klitschko me
I've already taken the africa with me
knigge fritz wehrmacht still leads and
then I have to buy here yes
I believe in my very first seen
if you have been following me for a while
have and yes they have the one believe
I cost the information
just because he's so
fruit juice be our dates in it
should
I think so, too, not really
but to make yes I find a whole
have good evening during the youtube
Watching videos or watching TV or
they are also gone very quickly
be but I do not believe me anyway
so much going on but I always come today
sweets because you are not normal
man on the g 8 2 can without
sweets therefore I need
sweets to survive
so now we can also go to the
healthy things in my research phase
The once bananas that are 125 66 pieces
Of course we are for my whole
family but i really wanted to have one
because I have now I thought me once
again such a healthy phase 1 yet
shows all my solutions if I have
that I have eaten and that I am doing
I once bananas myself then I have me
yet purchased are the funds are
1006 pieces in it
and sometimes I'm easy
bananas and apples and hugo strasser me
I am well again but I mean if
I have to eat such a fruit salad then
we also just to pop in or out
I still moderate or a coast
Something to then I think so too
Sometimes I eat healthy evenings in the evening
instead of is
instead of the worthless unhealthy schuh.de
and then I just bought myself for
the apples and bananas to this motive
and muesli of granules with 40 percent
fruit share I totally cool there are
dried like bananas then wanted
that was in the middle of oatmeal
chocolate pieces raisins waters that one
opponent and then I cut myself
always small apples and bananas in
make some honey over it and then
perfect breakfast for me too
I want you to mean that
may make or breakfast ideas for
Write leeds for the weekend or so
first in the comments we at it
but somehow it was interesting
in the cinemas because I'm in last
sometime so extraordinary
breakfast thing and then
I had always pleasurable to you times since
video about it and if they are
All interested in traps only in
the comments then I do that
and yes it cost a euro 69 yes
that was it with the food and me
it does not even know canto manic much
But I hope you have it
Nevertheless, I would like you over yours
Feedback as I said , I'm so happy
which should do more often
and yes, we hope to see each other
at the next video and you can me
video wishes in the comments
write
and then bye next time